java cIntroduction to Structured Finance Spring 2025 Assignment #1 Before commencing work, I recommend that you view the Overview of Bond Structuring Tool video and the Overview of Assignment #1 video (in that order) embedded in the Assignment #1 unit of our class site.  SECTION 1: Objective: Model the debt service, pricing, and yield (True Interest Cost) of the New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority Department of Human Services Lease Revenue Refunding Bonds (Greystone Park Psychiatric Hospital Project)    (the “2024 Bonds”).Required Submission: One EXCEL workbook containing the following formulated worksheets:1.   Aggregate debt service on the 2024 Bonds calculated on a per maturity basis. (See examples set forth in the TBTA_2024C_DS_Pricing_Example EXCEL Debt Service by Maturity   worksheet).2.   Aggregate debt service on the 2024 Bonds calculated on a composite basis. (See example set forth in the TBTA_2024C_DS_Pricing_Example EXCEL Debt Service In Aggregate worksheet).    Include annual debt service.3.   Detailed bond pricing for the 2024 Bonds maturing September 15, 2029 through September 15, 2033 on a per maturity basis by formula (S代 写Introduction to Structured Finance Spring 2025 Assignment #1Python
代做程序编程语言ee the example set forth in the TBTA_2024C_DS_Pricing_Example EXCEL Dollar Pricing worksheet).4.   Bond pricing summary table for the 2024 Bonds using EXCEL PRICE function (See example set forth in the TBTA_2024C_DS_Pricing Example EXCEL Bond Pricing worksheet.)5.   True Interest Cost for the 2024 Bonds (See the example set forth in the TBTA_2024C_DS_Pricing Example EXCEL Series 2024C Yield worksheet).Attachments: DBC Finance SchedulesThe Official Statement for the 2024 BondsTriborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority Series 2024C Official StatementTBTA_2024C_DS_Pricing_Example EXCEL workbook  SECTION 2: Using the Bond Sizing/Leveraging Workbook as a starting point, provide the following sample bond structures: 1.   5 year level debt service assuming $20,000,000 par amount2.   10 year level debt service assuming $40,000,000 par amount3.   15 year level debt service assuming $60,000,000 par amount4.   20 year level debt service assuming $75,000,000 par amount5.   20 year level debt service assuming level annual debt service $10,000,000Attachments: ITSF_Spring_2025_Assignment_1_Bond_Structuring_Tool




         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
